c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\obj\Debug\BeerTaps.WebApi.csproj.App.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\obj\Debug\BeerTaps.WebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Web.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Web.Debug.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Web.Release.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\config\Logging.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\config\log4net.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.WebApi.dll.config
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.ApiServices.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Documentation.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Model.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\CacheCow.Common.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\CacheCow.Server.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Foundation.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Foundation.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.Logging.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.DI.AspNet.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HelpGen.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HttpCache.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Log4Mongo.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Log4Netly.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\NetMQ.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.ApiServices.pdb
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Model.pdb
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Model.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Documentation.pdb
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\CacheCow.Common.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\CacheCow.Server.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.CorsHelpers.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\obj\Debug\BeerTaps.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jonathon.wells\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\obj\Debug\BeerTaps.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathon.Wells\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Jonathon.Wells\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTaps\BeerTaps\BeerTaps.WebApi\bin\BeerTaps.Domain.pdb
